brush up git workflow doc (#67)
HighlanderRobotics/Highlanders-Training: Docs/General/GitWorkflow.md

## Branches

Branches are a deviation or split from the main branch that can be adding or removing a specific feature
For example, I can open a branch to work on a new doc page for this training repo.

> Since I am on my own branch, I am not interfering with the main branch's commit history, which is supposed to be kept clean.

Reviewer: what does it mean to have a clean commit history, why is it important, etc

Because I am on my own branch, another student can also work on their own article without fear of interfering with my work.

To create a branch run:
`git branch -m "<branch name>"`

Then, this new branch works just like the main branch with `pull`, `add`, `commit`, and `push` commands.
You should see your current branch in blue in the command prompt if you are using git bash.
Otherwise you can use `git status` to check your branch.

> Right now, this branch is only local to your computer. To upload this branch to everyone else:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right now, this branch is only local to your computer. To upload this branch to the remote repo so others can view it:
```
or something
